Update README.md (#40)
zegami/zegami-cli: README.md

## Login

> The login command promtps for username and password which is then used to retrieve a long-lived API token which can be used for subsequent requests. The token is stored in a file in the currenet users data directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The login command prompts for username and password which is then used to retrieve a long-lived API token which can be used for subsequent requests. The token is stored in a file in the current user's data directory.
```

    query:
```

### PostgreSQL - tested on Linux and windows, up to Python v3.7
Pre-requisites :

1. Standard requirements - code editor, pip package manager, python 3.7.

2. Make sure Zegami CLI latest is installed 
```
pip install zegami-cli[sql] --upgrade --no-cache-dir
```
_Note: --no-cache-dir avoids some errors upon install_

> Test the install with the login command, which promtps for username and password. This is then used to retrieve a long-lived API token which can be used for subsequent requests. The token is stored in a file in the currenet users data directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test the install with the login command, which prompts for username and password. This is then used to retrieve a long-lived API token which can be used for subsequent requests. The token is stored in a file in the current users data directory.
```

Once retrieved all subsequent commands will use the stored token, unless it is specifically overridden with the `--token` option
```
zeg login
```

3. Install pre-requirements for PostgreSQL connection

Psycopg2 - https://pypi.org/project/psycopg2/ , http://initd.org/psycopg/
```
pip install python-psycopg2
```

_libpq-dev was required for linux, not windows_
libpq-dev - https://pypi.org/project/libpq-dev/ , https://github.com/ncbi/python-libpq-dev
```

> sudo apt-get install libpq-dev

Reviewer: Was this supposed to change back to `sudo apt-get'?

Author: Yes this time it was - i remembered I didn't need that for windows

Reviewer: Ah OK, I see, it's only a unix requirement
